So we had a look at downscaling and multi-page applications.
How well does a framework fit into that purpose of having smaller apps or controlling pieces of pages
of multi-page applications.
Now we want to control everything with javascript our whole front and we want to build a single page
application.
How well do these frameworks perform in this use case.
In this case in this scenario I again got a couple of questions we could answer.
To narrow this question down and find out if the framework fits our purpose can you write and maintain
complex or a lot of code and with that I mean if you have a big application you're going to have a lot
of code probably a lot of files holding this code which a means you need a workflow which bundles everything
together correctly but B It also means is there a best practice regarding the naming of files and folders
structures so that the large amount of files you might have is still manageable because that is super
important during development and reporting questions.
Do we have to rely on a lot of third party packages to add certain functionalities with which we might
need for example for validation.
Is that built into the framework or is there an official package of the framework or do we need to use
the community to get a fitting package which might have some disadvantages like for example that we
can't be sure if the package stays updated.
And things like that and how easy is it to optimize.
Are there sufficient optimization capabilities so that we can really squeeze out that last piece of
performance we need for our big gap.
Finally how easy is it to manage the application state because that is a common pain point.
It can be really difficult and tough to manage the state in bigger single page applications.
So how easy is that.
Is there a clear pattern maybe an official package or way of doing that or is it up to you.
Is it community support.
How does that work out.
Let's answer these questions for the free frameworks for Wrangler can we right to maintain complex or
a lot of code.
Definitely yes.
There are a lot of best practices for how we should name our files how we should structure them.
And I can tell you that works really well.
So definitely doable.
And since we need a complex workflow anyways and we get the Selye which sets up a great workflow and
build process for us bundling everything and this stuff also works great for a view.
CHACE Yeah that is really tough.
I gave it a plus with less screen you could put a equal sign or maybe even a minus here because there
is no clear best practice and if you follow the approach shown for example in the official documentation
for storing your components that might get difficult to maintain in bigger apps.
So youll have to come up with a different way of naming things and storing things.
And that is something which can be complicated because there is no clear best practice here.
So doable but its solved in a better way an angler.
Again you might put a minus stare if you feel like it but I feel overall de-code of course is bundled
nicely by the workflows created by the UCL.
And overall the app will work nicely it's just an extra piece of thing you have to do that structuring
and naming of the files which isn't given to you and for re-act it's kind of the same there we have
some best practices which you want in the community but it's up to you to learn about these and to find
the one which fits your needs.
It's not given to us as it is in the Angler or case in the Anglo world and that might be difficult.
The same for creating a workflow there thankfully now is an official package which creates a workflow.
The one we used in the introduction monohull by the way.
And with that we got a great workflow which really optimized everything works out great.
But again regarding the structure and naming of files you might need to reach out to the community and
there for all is just a well lightly Drene plus here.
How about for party packages.
Do we need a lot or Desta Fromberg offer all the functionality we need for Wrangler.
I can tell you no we don't need to reach out to the community a lot.
Of course there are.
They're useful for party packages.
Don't get me wrong but the Engler team itself has created a lot of packages which cover a lot of common
use cases.
We have the forums package which handles form validation.
We got the official router package which handles routing.
We got the official Anglo material package which gives us material styling and awls is pre-built components
you can use a lot of things you can use which all come from the official angle or team or closely connected
teams.
For example just Seelye too.
And that gives us the advantage to the can't rely on these packages getting updated and getting updates
in time and not one year after a new version came out.
So that's great for you.
Yeah a bit.
It's an equal sign here.
We have the official router package we've got the official view X state management package.
That's great.
And the Spectre's obviously are maintained and updated in time.
That is super.
However if we talk about form validation for example that is something which is not baked into the chest.
So we have to use forward party packages which might not be finished which are only developed by one
guy who just doesn't have enough time to keep them up to date.
And that might be an issue for you depending on what your app needs to do.
So that's why we have an equal sign here.
How about react here.
I'll even give you a minus because re-act itself is a very clean package and a lot of our things for
state management redux for example or for routing you react router.
These things are not official packages.
We have community packages here and sometimes we even have multiple alternatives.
And that makes it hard to pick the right one for newcomers.
And even if you're not a newcomer you have to rely on these packages being updated which might not be
the case.
So data is where I'd definitely like Engler more.
Now how about optimizing apps.
Do we have tools to optimize the apps.
Is it easy to optimize them for regular.
Here I'll give a plus though I will say it's not super easy and will come back to this later in the
def to production step but there are a lot of things we can do.
We really can squeeze out the last piece of performance for our viewers.
Yes it's a plus but a little bit less screen because we have decent optimization capabilities.
I have to say out of the box view Che's optimized some things for you so that is not necessarily a bad
thing.
But if you're one of the people who really liked dig into it and optimize everything manually.
Well you certainly got more possibilities of doing so in an OR app.
How about react here.
I'll give the same rating as for view chairs.
We get decent optimization possibilities.
We don't need to optimize some things.
We do have to optimize and angular.
So that is why we have less possibilities.
But on the other hand while we don't have to optimize it in the first place.
But again if you're one of the guys who really like to do everything on their own you might have less
possibilities here.
Now how easy is it to manage the application state in bigger apps.
That's a huge problem.
So how easy is it for wrangler.
I'll give that an equal sign in Engler core or in the NG or framework and all the packages provided
by the official team we get services for managing the state and that might work out well for your app
in very very big applications.
The capabilities to get there might be limited though.
And then you might need a package like N G R X which is kind of code developed by an official English
developer but mostly not.
Mostly it's a community project and there we again have the issue of does it get updated in time.
I can tell you the documentation isn't that great because it hasn't been updated for a longer period
of time and that is why it's not perfect.
We do have packages and G X which give us that feature.
But these packages do have disadvantages.
For a view that's better.
Here we have view X and official package which integrates nicely into view chairs and which makes managing
the state easier.
So that is really great and that is something we can use and which really allows us to manage the state
and bigger applications too.
We will have to figure out how to do it correctly how to follow some best practices but again we have
kind of baked into view or baked into that official package.
For re-act also give this a plus but it's a little bit worse.
And in the view world because there we don't have an official package.
We have read X which is pretty common to use and we also have flux and that's the first thing you have
to decide which approach should I use.
And you'll find tons of opinions on both approaches that can be hard to choose the right one and setting
it up and integrating it all as hard.
The first time once you did get a run though it works awesome and it really is a great advantage then
and really is something which allows you to manage the state with ease in big and very big applications.
So back in our overview sheet how could we rate the frameworks now that we answered all these questions
for Bangalore.
It has to be a plus.
Engler is built to create big and very big single page applications and it clearly is a great choice
for it is viewed as it's also plus not as awesome as angular potentially but still a great framework
and you definitely can build very big applications with it.
So don't get this wrong.
It's just an angler is even more aimed at this goal and for reaction say the same.
It's a great framework for that and you definitely can build big applications with it.
It just doesn't have the same focus.
Angler has but still with some things you have to do like picking the right state management framework
and so on.
You can build really big applications with it.
Now with that let's move on to the next point performance.